Extend nix explanations in README (#549)
digital-asset/ghcide: README.md

#### With Nix

Note that you need to compile `ghcide` with the same `ghc` as the project you are working on.

1. If the `ghc` you are using matches the version (or better is) from `nixpkgs` it‘s easiest to use the `ghcide` from `nixpkgs`. You can do so via
   ```
   nix-env -iA haskellPackages.ghcide
   ```
   or e.g. including `pkgs.haskellPackages.ghcide` in your projects `shell.nix`.
   Depending on your `nixpkgs` channel that might not be the newest `ghcide`, though.

> 2. If your `ghc` does not match nixpkgs you should try the [ghcide-nix repository](https://github.com/hercules-ci/ghcide-nix)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If your `ghc` does not match nixpkgs you should try the [ghcide-nix repository](https://github.com/cachix/ghcide-nix)
```

Reviewer: It was moved :)
